Okay, so you didn't see anything. So what happened was
Godzilla can show it up, right?
yeah he actually connecting  to the train and then he like bit it and then
split into half yeah and then actually she the door
was saved because I think she moved
From she's the only one who survived from the attack.
the rest i think that would destroy or something happened i forgot exactly what happened but
But the thing was she was hanging on.
to the train because I think the train cargo tilted.
And because of the other
You know, the way that Godzilla was holding, she was about to fall.
And then I think, but she was saved. She fell, but into the water.
And then everybody was still running.
You know, I always wonder though.
Why people when this really really bad
character or the Godzilla come out, they stop and turn and watch.
Yeah...   why do they do that?
What do you mean?
No...no..   They stop and turn and look what happened to the Godzilla when Godzilla is still attacking.
That"s why
so just like your movie right tank comes out and then starts shooting
and then they feel like oh the gazelle is gonna be defeated
So all these people who was running away, stop.
and then looks back and says, why do they stop? They should continue running.
Doesn't matter what's gonna happen to Gojira or not, but what happened was...
which is of course not dead or not hurt at all.
and then start moving and all those people who's
Those people who were watching basically died because of that.
Thank you.
Yeah...
Except that guy, yes.
Yes.... (***)
Really? Did everybody stop?
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Ohhhhhhhh....
I see, I see. When he kind of start crying and...
Out loud and stuff like that kind of dramatic effect. Yeah
Are you going to use that kind of type in your kasha kasha movie?
No one talks in your movie though, huh?
They don't. So I don't know.. I don;t know  make...
Ahhh...
Do you think you're going to maybe use the...
Ahhh...  Gojira talks in one of the kasha  kasha  movies.
Okay...
Well, going back to the minus one.
What about the place they were living? Those people who were living. Yeah.
do you think you'd think you know were they
Was that the original house that the guy used to
Oh, really? Oh, okay, okay. Oh, he came back, huh?
and then realize his family and everybody else that he knew died.
or disappeared they weren't there yeah
so..
except a very noisy neighbor who actually turned out to be very nice at the end.
He was  able to even take care of that little...
Girl. Was there a girl or a boy? A girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You like the little girl, she was cute?
How old was she when the movie ended?
Two years old? One or two years old?
But she was talking already, wasn't she?
No...no...
okay yeah so what do you think about
the main character was cold
to be part of this
group that's gonna try to destroy Godzilla.
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah.. yeah....
Do you think that was an effective message?
Yeah...
Well, the main guy, the guy with the glasses.
I guess he was a scientist?
Ohhhh...
Above he scientist up well...
Was he an inventor?
because how do you even come up with that plan of like oh if you do this and do that
Fujira might get exploded.
because what they tried to do was basically drown or pull the
Godzilla down to the deep sea...    and then
After he got certain death, they...
Ohhh...  Okay...Okay, but they just but when they brought it up
That's where the pressure basically killed him.
or supposedly killed him yeah yeah yeah
So what happened? Was that exploded? Did he explode?
Yeah...
Hmm...
Yeah...   Yeah...  Yeah...  Yeah...
Ohhhh...
so they were so Godzilla was pulled down to deep enough
to kind of experience that really really deep crushing death
How many feet or meters was that? Do you remember?
1,500 families.